Updates to device specfication and program validation (#661)
XanaduAI/strawberryfields: .github/CHANGELOG.md

<h3>New features since last release</h3>

* `DeviceSpec.layout` and `DeviceSpec.gate_parameters` may now return `None`. This can happen
  when a remote simulator device is used.
  [(#661)](https://github.com/XanaduAI/strawberryfields/pull/661)

<h3>Breaking Changes</h3>

<h3>Bug fixes</h3>

* `program.compile` now raises an error if the device specification contains gate parameters but no
  circuit layout. Without a layout, the gate parameters cannot be validated against the device

>   specification.

Reviewer: Nicely put!

<h3>New features since last release</h3>

> * `DeviceSpec.layout` and `DeviceSpec.gate_parameters` can now return `None`, which can happen when
>   e.g., a remote simulator device is used.

Reviewer: Up to you, but I usually find that using more sentences helps with clarity.
```suggestion
* `DeviceSpec.layout` and `DeviceSpec.gate_parameters` may now return `None`. This can happen
  when a remote simulator device is used.
```

>   [(#660)](https://github.com/XanaduAI/strawberryfields/pull/660)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  [(#661)](https://github.com/XanaduAI/strawberryfields/pull/661)
```

  a `TDMProgram` is compiled using the "TDM" compiler.
  [(#659)](https://github.com/XanaduAI/strawberryfields/pull/659)

* `program.compile` now raises an error if the device specification contains gate parameters but no
  circuit layout. Without a layout, the gate parameters cannot be validated against the device
  specification.

>   [(#660)](https://github.com/XanaduAI/strawberryfields/pull/660)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  [(#661)](https://github.com/XanaduAI/strawberryfields/pull/661)
```
